README.adoc, before:

:spring_boot_version: current
:spring-boot: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot
:toc:
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: prettify
:project_id: gs-spring-boot

This the Spring Boot Student app.

== Running the Application

To run the application, run the following command in a terminal window (in the `complete`)
directory:

====

Ensure Maven is installed and run the following command in a terminal window (in the `complete`)
directory:

====
[source,text]
----
mvn spring-boot:run
----
====

You should see output similar to the following:

====
[source,text]
----
Listing Spring Boot beans:
application
beanNameHandlerMapping
defaultServletHandlerMapping
dispatcherServlet
embeddedServletContainerCustomizerBeanPostProcessor
handlerExceptionResolver
helloController
httpRequestHandlerAdapter
messageSource
mvcContentNegotiationManager
mvcConversionService
mvcValidator
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.MessageSourceAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.PropertyPlaceholderAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration$DispatcherServletConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration$EmbeddedTomcat
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.ServerPropertiesAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.context.embedded.properties.ServerProperties
org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessor.enhancedConfigurationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessor.importAwareProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalAutowiredAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalCommonAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalConfigurationAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalRequiredAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation.DelegatingWebMvcConfiguration
propertySourcesBinder
propertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurer
requestMappingHandlerAdapter
requestMappingHandlerMapping
resourceHandlerMapping
simpleControllerHandlerAdapter
tomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory
viewControllerHandlerMapping
----

====
[source,text]
----
$ curl http://localhost:8080
Greetings from Student App!

====

The actuator exposes the following:

* http://localhost:8080/actuator/health[actuator/health]
* http://localhost:8080/actuator[actuator]

NOTE: There is also an `/actuator/shutdown` endpoint, but, by default, it is visible only
through JMX. To http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/{spring_boot_version}/reference/htmlsingle/#production-ready-endpoints-enabling-endpoints[enable it as an HTTP endpoint], add
`management.endpoint.shutdown.enabled=true` to your `application.properties` file
and expose it with `management.endpoints.web.exposure.include=health,info,shutdown`.
However, you probably should not enable the shutdown endpoint for a publicly available
application.

You can check the health of the application by running the following command:

====
[source,bash]
----
$ curl http://localhost:8080/actuator/health
{"status":"UP"}
----
====

Commit message:

testing commit and auto build thru local Jenkins webhook

README.adoc, after:

:spring_boot_version: current
:spring-boot: https://github.com/spring-projects/spring-boot
:toc:
:icons: font
:source-highlighter: prettify
:project_id: gs-spring-boot

This the Spring Boot Student app.
Note: A Jenkins build is triggered from a commit using serveo exposed webhook

== Running the Application

To run the application, run the following command in a terminal window (in the `complete`)
directory:

====

Ensure Maven is installed and run the following command in a terminal window (in the `complete`)
directory:

====
[source,text]
----
mvn spring-boot:run
----
====

You should see output similar to the following:

====
[source,text]
----
Listing Spring Boot beans:
application
beanNameHandlerMapping
defaultServletHandlerMapping
dispatcherServlet
embeddedServletContainerCustomizerBeanPostProcessor
handlerExceptionResolver
helloController
httpRequestHandlerAdapter
messageSource
mvcContentNegotiationManager
mvcConversionService
mvcValidator
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.MessageSourceAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.PropertyPlaceholderAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration$DispatcherServletConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.EmbeddedServletContainerAutoConfiguration$EmbeddedTomcat
org.springframework.boot.autoconfigure.web.ServerPropertiesAutoConfiguration
org.springframework.boot.context.embedded.properties.ServerProperties
org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessor.enhancedConfigurationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.ConfigurationClassPostProcessor.importAwareProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalAutowiredAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalCommonAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalConfigurationAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.context.annotation.internalRequiredAnnotationProcessor
org.springframework.web.servlet.config.annotation.DelegatingWebMvcConfiguration
propertySourcesBinder
propertySourcesPlaceholderConfigurer
requestMappingHandlerAdapter
requestMappingHandlerMapping
resourceHandlerMapping
simpleControllerHandlerAdapter
tomcatEmbeddedServletContainerFactory
viewControllerHandlerMapping
----

====
[source,text]
----
$ curl http://localhost:8080
Greetings from Student App!

====

The actuator exposes the following:

* http://localhost:8080/actuator/health[actuator/health]
* http://localhost:8080/actuator[actuator]

NOTE: There is also an `/actuator/shutdown` endpoint, but, by default, it is visible only
through JMX. To http://docs.spring.io/spring-boot/docs/{spring_boot_version}/reference/htmlsingle/#production-ready-endpoints-enabling-endpoints[enable it as an HTTP endpoint], add
`management.endpoint.shutdown.enabled=true` to your `application.properties` file
and expose it with `management.endpoints.web.exposure.include=health,info,shutdown`.
However, you probably should not enable the shutdown endpoint for a publicly available
application.

You can check the health of the application by running the following command:

====
[source,bash]
----
$ curl http://localhost:8080/actuator/health
{"status":"UP"}
----
====
